abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' .
andrews county airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county , texas is the owner of the andrews county airport .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
the flemish government is the operating organisation of antwerp international airport .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11 / 29 .
south jersey transportation authority is the owner of the atlantic city international airport .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
dutch language is the language of the belgium .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
danes inhabit the denmark .
fallujah is located in the iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of the iraq .
madrid is located in the spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the city of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
united states air force fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri ant .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the 250 delaware avenue has the postmodern architecture style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in the japan .
college of william & mary owns alan b . miller hall .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
the architecture style of asilomar conference grounds is arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people inhabit the india .
the julia morgan was the significant buildings of los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in the south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) is in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
english language is the language of the a long long way .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction ( journal ) has the number 93645978 .
the addiction ( journal ) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction .
english language is the language of the aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the united states .
english language is the language of the alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the american journal of mathematics is concerned with the academic discipline of mathematics .
english language is the language of the castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is the notable work of the john cowper powys .
soho press is in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english language is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division league .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 201415 football league ( greece ) season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league league .
az alkmaar played in the 201415 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is a part of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of the sportpark de toekomst is the jong ajax .
st . vincentst . mary high school is located in the united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in the state of alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has to its northeast mahe , india .
the municipality for mendrisio is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university ' s dean is thomas pallesen .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
the california is higher than the benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28th , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
the comic april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcasted by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
the comic bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an americans .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is an united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is the language of the california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located within the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is located within the united states .
the largest city in michigan is detroit .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
the largest city in oregon is portland , oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth , texas .
barack obama is the leader of united states .
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding was added to the order of warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is in the colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
barny cakes is a type of 30 . 0 g .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
the bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is a member of the bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is in the china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the city of monocacy national battlefield , which is southeast of frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( known as turk sehitleri ant ) is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is a food found in united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is located in oregon , the capital of which is salem , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is a united states , led by united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of the texas , in the united states .
anaheim , california is part of the california , and the leader is united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of the orange county , california , united states .
anderson , indiana is part of the adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is part of the texas , united states .
atlanta is part of the united states , in the georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , washington is part of the pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is located in united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . .
albuquerque , new mexico is eaten in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is a food found in united states , where the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is eaten in the united states , where the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is a food found in united states , where the language is english language .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states , where the leader is president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is a dish from the italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy where the language is italian language .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a dish from the italy .
arros negre is a dish from the region of valencian community , spain .
asam pedas is a dish from the indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of malaysia , indonesia .
bacon sandwich , a variation of blt , which contains club sandwich , is a variation of the blt .
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion , which is a dish that contains bacon .
the bacon sandwich , also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , is made from bacon .
bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dish from the france .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dish from the united states .
fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from the indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso and is a member of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a dish from the colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is claude bartolone .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a dish from the indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor , which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from the singapore .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish from the singapore and indonesia and it ' s main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the people are called indian people .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the leader is t . s . thakur .
binignit is eaten in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines and it ' s main ingredient is banana .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is from the indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai , which is a variation of batagor .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , awadh .
al asad airbase is located at al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought battles in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae , which is class in monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 feet .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made from asphalt .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 and is amsterdam .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 and is amsterdam .
the andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 and it serves the city of luanda .
the 1st runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made from poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
the turkmenistan airlines is the operating organisation for ashgabat international airport , which is located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation for atlantic city international airport which has the runway name of 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
the infraero is located in brasilia and is the operating organisation for afonso pena international airport .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 201415 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in verona , italy and they have 39371 members .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez , who plays for fc dallas , is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 201415 a epsth , greece season .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for blackburn rovers f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) , who plays for irlam town f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in the serie b league .
christian panucci , who plays for a . s . roma , is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
paulo sousa , who plays for juventus f . c . , is the manager of acf fiorentina .
the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) and they play in the superleague greece league .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , where the tenant is jong ajax .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan and is located at azal arena .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso .
luciano spalletti , who plays for empoli f . c . , is the manager of a . s . roma .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by virginia demarce , is available in e - book .
the aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press , which is the publisher of a long long way .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , is available in print form .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written by fantasy literature , has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 and the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
brandon sanderson is the author of alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones which is followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics and it ' s abbreviated name is am . j . math . .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press , which is the publisher of american journal of mathematics .
1634 : the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington , d . c . .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba and has the nickname uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology , which was given technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , where the leader is kochi .
the april o ' neil was created by peter laird , who is an united states .
bananaman , starring jill shilling , was broadcasted by the bbc .
bananaman , starring graeme garden , was broadcasted by the stv .
tim brooke - taylor , who was born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character big hero 6 ( film ) , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic ben urich , full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) .
the comic bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the comic bibbo bibbowski , full name is bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard , now deceased , was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 and was born on glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , which is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a bachelor of science degree , was born in retired .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle , with 60 floors , is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler , which is based in the united states .
the architect of 3arena , located in east link bridge , is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena , located in dublin , is populous ( company ) .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall , located in sri lanka , has the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is a food found in japan where the brazilians in japan are an ethnic group .
akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat and is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka , where the leader is austin fernando .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a united states national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and is a united states national , where the leader is joe biden .
buzz aldrin was an united states who was born in 1963 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a b . s .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin with a bachelor of science degree .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . the leader of the us was francis g . slay .
elliot see died in st . louis , which is part of kingdom of france . he died in february 28th , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , where the purple finch is a bird and he spent 13017 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english language which is spoken in great britain . the book was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
the association for computing machinery , which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems , is based in new york city and has the leader alexander l . wolf .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv / aids , is focused on hiv and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) , which studies hiv / aids , is focused on hiv and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a . t . charlie johnson lives in the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english language and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is written in the united states and is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
the abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the issn number 32024459 .
the book aenir was written in english language and followed the book above the veil , which is based in the australians .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil , which is written in english language .
above the veil , written by garth nix , has 248 pages and is available in hardcover .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the issn number 60040714 .
the addiction ( journal ) , abbreviated to addiction , is focused on addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the addiction ( journal ) , issn number 0965 - 2140 , is published by wiley - blackwell , which is parented by the john wiley & sons .
cornell university , which is affiliated with the association of american universities , is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . it is affiliated with the new york .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil and followed by english language .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the united states and is written in english language , which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . it has the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states , where the language is english language , same as in great britain .
john cowper powys , born in shirley , derbyshire , is the author of a glastonbury romance , who died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the administrative science quarterly , issn number 0001 - 8392 , is published by sage publications , which was founded by sara miller mccune .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the ethnic group is native americans in the united states . the capital of the country is a severed wasp .
a wizard of mars is written in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the ethnic group is asian americans . the capital of the country is united states .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states . the book 1634 : the ram rebellion comes from the country .
the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states where the title of the leader is the president of the united states . the book a fortress of grey ice comes from the country .
jens hartel is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
a . c . lumezzane ' s full name is " associazione calcio lumezzane spa " . they have 4150 members and their full name is " lega pro / a " .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s chairman is antonis milionis and they have 1500 members . their chairman is efxeinoupoli .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " . they have 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool and plays for runcorn f . c . halton and chesterfield f . c . .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde and plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci and play in the serie b league . the champions of the serie c are carpi f . c . 1909 .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio and plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece league . the champions of the league are olympiacos f . c . .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . and plays for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , which is lead by eberhard van der laan and is part of the amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , which is lead by eberhard van der laan and is part of the amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . the ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti is the manager of a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c . .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 and s . s . chieti calcio .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and u . s . castrovillari calcio .
massimo drago is the manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and u . s . castrovillari calcio .
john madin was born in birmingham and was the architect of 103 colmore row , which is located in colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , and is lead by frank g . jackson .
250 delaware avenue , with 12 floors , is located in united states and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , and is lead by rahm emanuel .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler , which is located in the united states and has 22 floors .
the architect of 3arena , which was completed in december 2008 , is north wall quay .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is located in denmark and is tenanted by marriott international .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international and it has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the significant building of the adare manor , the palace of westminster building , the palace of westminster .
the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 , is j . p . mcmanus and the owner is philip charles hardwick .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in haputale and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall , completed in 1931 , is located in sri lanka and has the architectural style of tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the building of alan b . miller hall , which was begun in the united states , was started in 30 march 2007 and has the current tenants of mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant building of the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum building , the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed the significant building of the asilomar conference grounds , the chinatown , san francisco building , the julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) and was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 .
the architect of birmingham is conservative party ( uk ) and the hometown of the john madin is the hometown of 103 colmore row .
john madin was born in birmingham , where the leader is liberal democrats and the birthplace of the architect is 103 colmore row .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where the leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , where the leader is anandiben patel .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which is located in the bethesda , maryland . the key person at the hotel is bill marriott .
albany , georgia is a food found in dougherty county , georgia , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population title of the albuquerque , new mexico , which has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . the total population of the country is new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is a food found in fulton county , georgia , united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is a food found in georgia ( u . s . state ) , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . , the country is the location of the asian americans and the capital city is united states .
the utc offset for anaheim , california is - 7 , it has the area code of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california , part of the california state senate , is part of the california . the leader of the country is california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is a food found in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch , california is part of the contra costa county , california , part of the san francisco bay area , in the antioch , california .
arlington , texas is part of the tarrant county , texas , united states , where the fort worth , texas is the county .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . , the country is the location of the asian americans and the capital city is united states .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , it has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and has the area code of 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey , united states , where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of the alabama , lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn , washington is located in washington ( state ) , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . .
auburn , washington is located in washington ( state ) , united states , the capital of olympia , washington .
albany , georgia is part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , which has the capital city of atlanta , and is part of dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is located in madison county , indiana , united states , where the largest city is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states , the capital of trenton , new jersey .
arlington , texas is located in texas , where the largest city is houston , and the largest city is english language .
attica , indiana is located in the united states , which capital is washington , d . c . .
attica , indiana is a food found in fountain county , indiana , united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . .
akron , ohio is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , the language spoken is english language .
akron , ohio is a food found in summit county , ohio , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is a food found in benton county , oregon , united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is a food found in united states , where the leader is barack obama , the asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is eaten in the united states , where the language is english language , the language is african americans .
angola , indiana is eaten in the united states , where the language is english language , the language is asian americans .
the aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and the runway name is 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and serves the city of lake placid , new york . the airport ' s runway is 2003 . 0 long and is saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , community of madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway length is 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and is 877 . 0 long .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation for allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport is operated by the jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin , texas and the language is english language .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states and has the demonym of tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the language is german language .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is located in the city of new jersey and operates atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . the leader of the country is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located in madrid , community of madrid , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader party in the country is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the leader party in the country is people ' s party ( spain ) .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . the adams county , pennsylvania has the to the southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which is southeast of carroll county , maryland . the monument is located to the north of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri ant .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly ( azerbaijan ) .
ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from the region of lazio , italy . it includes guanciale .
arem - arem is a dish from the region of javanese cuisine and contains banana leaf . the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . one of the ingredients is arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from the region of rome , italy . it includes olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is a dish from the region of rome , italy . it includes tomato .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and is a food found in malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the country .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which contains lettuce and is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states where the leader is barack obama and the white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of new york , france and contains sponge cake .
baked alaska is a food found in france , where the currency is the euro and the leader is manuel valls .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of new york , united states and contains christmas pudding .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter includes sponge cake .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the region of derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is a variation of the derbyshire dales dish , which contains ground almond , jam , butter , eggs and bakewell tart .
bakso is a dish from the region of indonesia , bakso contains beef .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the region of paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes avocado .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the region of paisa region , colombian cuisine . it includes hogao .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is manuel valls and the leader is claude bartolone .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and contains the ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and contains the ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a food found in singapore , which leader is tony tan .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . it includes sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , singapore and indonesia . it includes oyster sauce .
bhajji is a food found in india , where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter includes banana .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter includes sago .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter includes taro .
the main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato , which belongs to the order of solanales and banana .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is a mexico .
bionico is a dish from the region of guadalajara , mexico and contains raisin .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is from the singapore where the language is english language and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and is part of the order of solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . it has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , bangalore has 700 postgraduate students .
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which is governed by the kochi . the state is southeast of mahe , india .
the romania is home to the germans of romania and the desteapta - te , romane ! . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university .
1 decembrie 1918 university is a food found in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 .
the comic asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo and the french people rene goscinny .
bananaman , starring tim brooke - taylor , was broadcast by the bbc and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the walt disney studios motion pictures and first appeared in the big hero 6 ( film ) which stars scott adsit .
the character baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which stars scott adsit .
the character baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which stars ryan potter and starred walt disney studios motion pictures .
the comic blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) , also known as mark desmond , was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn ( comics ) .
the comic bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row , which was started in 1973 , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 . it is located in birmingham .
the capital of the south africa is cape town and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured . the capital of the country is asian south africans and the country is the location of the 11 diagonal street .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and is governed by the cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york . it cost 110 million ( dollars ) and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of the country is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , is located in illinois and has 60 floors .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international , it has 23 floors and is located in copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , and has a limerick city and county council government .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the brazilians in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the filipinos in japan .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group in the country .
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the brazilians in japan .
the alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia , 101 ukrop way , college of william & mary and was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is sumitra mahajan and the leader is narendra modi .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27th , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23rd , 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , brooklyn , where the leader is cyrus vance , jr . .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of the country is gale brewer .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area as its postal code . the city ' s postal code is andrew mitchell and the city is lead by the 103 colmore row .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode area as its postal code . the city ' s postal code is labour party ( uk ) and the city is lead by the 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , where the leader is sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of the country is t . s . thakur and the leaders are narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the brazilians in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in united kingdom , where the capital is london , the leader is elizabeth ii and the leader is parliament of the united kingdom .
the 250 delaware avenue is located in united states , where the leader is joe biden . the leader of the country is president of the united states and the language spoken is english language .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital is baku . the country is the location of the prime minister of azerbaijan and the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri ant . the native name of the memorial is ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established in july 11th , 1907 and is located in the city of frederick , maryland .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made from bronze and is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) , designed by the pietro canonica , was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . it was designed by the president of turkey , turkey .
albany , georgia is a food found in georgia ( u . s . state ) , united states . the language spoken in the country is english language , and the language spoken is native americans in the united states .
the area code for albuquerque , new mexico is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) , it has a total area of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , it is a total of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) and has a total area of 505 , 575 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the fulton county , georgia , part of the georgia ( u . s . state ) , in the united states . the county seat of united states is atlanta .
amarillo , texas is a food found in potter county , texas , united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . , the ethnic group is african americans .
amarillo , texas is located in potter county , texas , texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
the california state assembly is located in california , where the leader is california state capitol , the spanish language is spoken .
anderson , indiana , which has a total area of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is located at 268 . 0 above sea level , has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
angola , indiana , part of the indiana , is part of the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , in the united states . the total area of the country is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
the utc offset for antioch , california is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) , it has the area code of - 7 , it has the area code of 925 .
the population of atlantic city , new jersey , which has the area code of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . the total of the population is 609 .
auburn , alabama is a food found in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
auburn , alabama is a food found in alabama , lee county , alabama , united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
auburn , washington is located in the city of pierce county , washington , king county , washington , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . .
auburn , washington is part of the king county , washington , in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c . . the capital of the country is washington ( state ) .
austin , texas is located in texas , hays county , texas , which is part of the san marcos , texas . the largest city in hays county , texas is houston .
the california state assembly is part of the california , where the leader is chinese language . the california state assembly is located in the city , california state capitol .
alpharetta , georgia is located in georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . the county is part of the atlanta .
anderson , indiana is a food found in indiana , lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of the country is indianapolis .
arlington , texas is located in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston . the largest city in united states is english language .
albany , oregon is a food found in benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the african americans .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington , d . c . , the largest city is new york city . the country is the location of the new jersey .
the president of the united states is the leader of the united states , where the title of the leader is the barack obama . the country is the location of the albuquerque , new mexico , which is located in the country of united states .
the united states is the location of the new mexico senate , where the leader is john sanchez . the country is the location of the united states , where the leader is asian americans .
albany , oregon is a food found in benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
the united states is led by barack obama and the mayor of albuquerque . the country is the location of the united states , where the leader is native americans in the united states .
albany , georgia is a food found in united states , where the language is english language . the language of the country is united states , where the language spoken is native americans in the united states .
angola , indiana is a food found in indiana , united states . the language spoken in the country is english language , and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans .
angola , indiana is a food found in pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language spoken in the country is english language , and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans .
jens hartel is the manager of 1 . fc magdeburg . he is attached to the club fsv zwickau and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , is the manager of a . c . chievo verona . he is also attached to the club f . c . bari 1908 and plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for a . c . chievo verona and manages a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ' s ground is in efxeinoupoli and they have 1500 members . they play in the a epsth 2nd group league and their chairman is antonis milionis .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . the club is located in blackpool , where the leader is conservative party ( uk ) and the leader is stockport county f . c . .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . the club is located in blackpool , where the leader is gordon marsden and the leader is stockport county f . c . .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina . he is attached to the club maccabi tel aviv f . c . and plays for juventus f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . , who have 69618 members , played in the superleague greece league and their ground is in greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , which is owned by afc ajax and owned by the afc ajax n . v . . the tenant of the ground is jong ajax .
the nickname of the afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar . he is attached to the club afc ajax and plays for netherlands national football team and vitesse arnhem .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league , which has vila nova futebol clube as champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , alagoas . the club is the home ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca , arapiraca . the club is the home ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincentst . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is the manager of 1 . fc koln . he is attached to the club fc admira wacker modling and plays for sk vorwarts steyr and fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york and is located at lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
the enaire is the operating organisation for adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it has the icao location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force , who operate al asad airbase , fought in the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore , is located in pakistan . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews , texas . it is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of the country is austin , texas and the demonym for the inhabitants is tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of the country is austin , texas and the language spoken is english language .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region . it is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in turkmenistan and the ashgabat . the hub airport for the airport is ashgabat international airport which is operated by turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is elevated 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of the country is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of the country is stephen dilts and the owner is the south jersey transportation authority .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of the country is charles michel and the language spoken there is german language .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of the country is philippe of belgium and the language spoken there is french language .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , essex county , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of the country is fuad masum and the language spoken is kurdish languages .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of the country is haider al - abadi and the language spoken there is kurdish languages .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore which is in the country of allama iqbal international airport .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plant and the class of commelinids .
the bbc , which is located in broadcasting house , is the tv series shown on the bananaman . the key person at the air province is rona fairhead and the key person is bbc radio .
bananaman was first aired on the stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright .
baymax is a character in the big hero 6 ( film ) , which stars ryan potter and was created by duncan rouleau .
the comic bolt ( comicscharacter ) , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and the puerto ricans ernie colon .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has 512 pages and is available in e - book . it has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , which parent company is wolters kluwer . the journal is published by the aids ( journal ) in united kingdom where the leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in the united states , where the native americans in the united states ethnic group . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
the book " a loyal character dancer " is published by soho press in the united states where the language is english language and the language is asian americans .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and is available in hardcover . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
the acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) is academically focused on mathematics . it has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and the abbreviation of mathematics .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is academically focused on paleobiology . it has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the abbreviation of paleobiology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the issn number of " 60040714 " .
the cornell university is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly . it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
the cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york , new york . it is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback . it has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the united states , where the african americans ethnic group . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and published by johns hopkins university press , which is based in the united states . the parent company of the journal is johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english language , which is also spoken in great britain . the language of the us is asian americans .
a wizard of mars is written in the united states , where the leader is barack obama . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars is written in english language and is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states , where the leader is barack obama . the language of the us is english language , which is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english language and the leader is barack obama . the language of the us is asian americans .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was a united states national who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which is operated by the nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong , where the representative is chris patten and he was a crew member of apollo 8 . the backup pilot of british hong kong was frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and was born in apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin , who was born in edwin eugene aldrin jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and was awarded the 20 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california where the senator representing the u . s . is dianne feinstein .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from university of texas at austin with a bachelor of science degree . he died in st . louis and died in united states .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 8 which was operated by fighter pilot .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the country ' s leader is ganges .
the acharya institute of technology is located in india , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology , which is governed by the all india council for technical education , located in mumbai , was given the " technical campus " status by the tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the capital is alba county .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the leader of the country is lars lkke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is magistrate .
the awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor , kerala , kerala . the leader of the country is kochi and the academic staff of the country is 250 .
the romania is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university . the country ' s capital is bucharest and the anthem is the desteapta - te , romane ! . the country ' s anthem is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia , romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is a dish from the region of lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and tomato .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and cuttlefish .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia , spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
arros negre is a food found in catalonia , where the leader is parliament of catalonia . the country is led by spain and spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , where the malaysia is home to the ethnic group of malaysian malay . the dish comes from the region of batak and the batak .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , where the malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group . the dish comes from the region of malaysia and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich . it is a variation of the united kingdom and contains ketchup .
the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce and condiment . it is a dish from the united kingdom and is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter dish comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of united states , the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and meringue .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong , united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding and ice cream .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves and is from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
bakso is a dish from the region of indonesia , it includes tapioca and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bakso is a dish from the region of indonesia , bakso contains noodle and ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the region of paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and kidney bean .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the region of paisa region , colombian cuisine . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon and hogao .
barny cakes is a food found in france , where the leader is francois hollande and the language is french language .
batagor is a variation of the shumai which contains shiitake and is a variation of the siomay . the dish originates from the indonesia .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef and pork .
batchoy is a soup that contains chicken and is a dish from the philippines . it is a soup .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is halimah yacob and the language is standard chinese .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore , indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the region of karnataka , india . it includes vegetable and is also known as a bhaji , bajji .
the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . the sandwich is a dish from the region of karnataka and also contains vegetable .
the main ingredient of binignit is sago . it is a member of the flowering plant order and is made of sweet potato which is a member of the solanales order .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . it includes sago and coconut milk .
bionico is a dessert from the region of jalisco , mexico . it is a bionico which contains granola .
bionico is a dish from the region of guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert , which is served as a cookie . the latter dish comes from the mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
bakso is a dish from the region of indonesia , where the leader is jusuf kalla . the country is led by tapioca .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore , where the leader is tony tan . the country is led by baduy and is led by java .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is philippine spanish and the ilocano people are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language is arabic and the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert , as is cookie . the latter dish comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
binignit is a dessert , as is sandesh ( confectionery ) . the latter dish comes from the philippines where the language is philippine english .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by grantville gazette ii which was written in english language . the book was followed by ring of fire ii , which was written in the grantville gazette .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , which is based in the city of ithaca , new york , and is affiliated with the association of american universities . the president of the university is elizabeth garrett and the university is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english language , which is also spoken in great britain . the us includes many african americans .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english language , which is also spoken in great britain . the us includes many native americans in the united states .
the book " a loyal character dancer " was published by soho press in the united states , where the language is english language , which is also spoken in great britain . the us includes many asian americans .
the book a severed wasp comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the ethnic group is the native americans in the united states . the book is published in the great britain and is also where the capital city is english language .
the book above the veil was preceded by aenir which was written in australians . the book was followed by into battle ( novel ) which was followed by castle ( novel ) .
a severed wasp is written in the united states , where the leader is barack obama . the book is written in english language which is spoken in great britain . the us includes many asian americans .
the book a severed wasp comes from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is published in the great britain and is also where the leader is english language .
the book 1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the ethnic group is barack obama . the capital of the country is 1634 : the galileo affair .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and the leader is barack obama . the country is the home of the americans and the african americans ethnic group .
the president of the united states is the president of the united states where the title of the leader is the english language . the us includes many asian americans and the title of the leader is the asian americans .
the president of the united states is the title of the leader of the united states , where the leader is the asian americans . the country is the location of the georgia ( u . s . state ) asian americans ethnic group of the americans .
the alpharetta , georgia is located in the city of georgia ( u . s . state ) , fulton county , georgia , united states . the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is atlanta , the largest city is native americans in the united states .
amarillo , texas is located in the city of texas , potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and the language spoken is english language .
amarillo , texas is located in the city of potter county , texas , texas , the capital of which is austin , texas . the language of the country is english language , and the language spoken is potter county , texas .
amarillo , texas is located in the city of potter county , texas , texas , the capital of which is austin , texas . the language of the country is english language , and the language spoken is potter county , texas .
the anderson , indiana , which has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is located in fall creek township , madison county , indiana , anderson township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is part of the contra costa county , california , part of the san francisco bay area , in the california , where the leader is california ' s 11th state assembly district . the leader of the country is english language .
the atlanta , which has the area code of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , is part of the 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) , it has the area code of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . it is located in dekalb county , georgia , and has the area of 404 .
attica , indiana , part of the logan township , fountain county , indiana , is located in united states , 166 . 0 metres above sea level , has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) and a total area of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is a food found in lee county , alabama , alabama , united states . the capital of the country is washington , d . c . and the ethnic group of the country are the african americans .
auburn , washington , part of the united states , is part of the pierce county , washington , in the king county , washington . the population of the country is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) and the total population is 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
austin , texas is located in texas , williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock , texas . the largest city in williamson county , texas is english language and the largest city is georgetown , texas .
austin , texas is located in texas , hays county , texas , san marcos , texas , the largest city in hays county , texas is houston . the largest city in houston is english language .
austin , texas is located in texas , hays county , texas , hays county , texas , which is part of the san marcos , texas . the largest city in san marcos , texas is houston and the largest city is spanish language .
alexandria , indiana is part of the indiana , in the united states . the capital of the country is indianapolis , and the language spoken is english americans .
arlington , texas is located in texas , tarrant county , texas , which is part of the fort worth , texas . the largest city in fort worth , texas is spanish language .
arlington , texas is located in the city of tarrant county , texas , texas , united states . the capital of the country is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth , texas .
the largest city in united states is new york city , the capital city is washington , d . c . , the largest city is washington , d . c . , and the largest city is white americans .
the united states , inhabited by washington , d . c . , is the location of the americans people . the capital of the country is albany , oregon , which is located in the country of linn county , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . , the people are called americans , the people are known as asian americans . the country is the location of the albany , oregon , which is located in the city of oregon .
the united states , inhabited by english language , is the location of the steuben county , indiana . the country is the location of the americans and the people of angola , indiana .
the united states is the location of the alabama the capital city of the washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the lee county , alabama which is part of the native americans in the united states people .
auburn , alabama is part of the lee county , alabama , part of the united states , which is part of the alabama . the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the u . s , which is part of the lee county , alabama , which is part .
the atlantic city , new jersey is located in new jersey , united states . the capital of the country is trenton , new jersey , the leader of the country is newark , new jersey , and one of the ethnic groups are the native americans in the united states .
the president of the united states is the leader of united states , the country where the leader is barack obama . the country is the location of the new mexico united states . the country is the location of the albuquerque , new mexico , which is located in .
the united states , where the people are known as americans , is the location of the steuben county , indiana . the country is the location of the united states , where the people are called english language . the people of the country .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . , the country is the location of the washington , d . c . the country is the location of the united states , where the leader is barack obama , the capital city is barack obama .
the president of the united states is the title of the leader of the united states , where the title of the leader is the americans . the country is the location of the african americans . the country is the location of the albany , georgia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has the carroll county , maryland to its southeast . the monument is categorized as a contributing property and is located in the north of adams county to the southeast of cumberland county , pennsylvania . the monument .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the country ' s capital is prime minister of azerbaijan and the leader is baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade . the country ' s capital is national assembly ( azerbaijan ) and the legislature is the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul . the capital of the country is ankara and the largest city is president of turkey . the largest city in turkey is ahmet davutoglu .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 . it has 250 academic staff and mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students and the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the institute is affiliated with the b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , which is lead by the monarchy of denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the largest city in india is mumbai and it has an academic staff of 250 .
the largest city in india is mumbai . the country is the location of the awh engineering college in the state of kerala . the largest city in mumbai is ganges and the largest city is kochi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and lars lkke rasmussen is the leader .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . the school is affiliated with the magistrate and has its headquarters in mols .
the character baymax was created by steven t . seagle and the americans duncan rouleau . the character stars alan tudyk and the character stars duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini is the manager of a . c . lumezzane . the club is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the club is f . c . bari 1908 .
stuart parker ( footballer ) is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool . the club is located in blackpool , where the leader is labour party ( uk ) and the leader is stockport county f . c . .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella . the champions of the serie c are s . s . robur siena and italian language is spoken in that league .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens f . c . . the club is located in olympic stadium ( athens ) , marousi . the club is managed by olympic stadium ( athens ) which is located in chelsea f . c . .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso . the capital of the country is rome and the people are called italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian language . the capital of the country is rome and the official language is italians .
arem - arem is a dish from the region of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the leader is jusuf kalla . the currency of the country is the indonesian language and the leader is indonesian rupiah .
the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the country where the capital is malaysia , where the capital is malaysian malay . the country is the country where the dish asam pedas is .
the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the country where the capital is malaysia , where the capital is malaysian indian . the country is the country where the dish asam pedas is .
the capital of the country is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the country where the capital is malaysia , where the capital is malaysian indian . the country is the country where the dish asam pedas is .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of malay peninsula and is found in malaysia . the leader of the country is abu zahar ujang and the country includes many malaysian malay .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage and the dish comes from the region of the kansas city metropolitan area in the region of united states . it is also a dish that contains bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion is a food found in united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the leader is paul ryan and the language spoken is english language .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a blt and can be varied by using ketchup . it is a variation of the united kingdom dish which contains bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
baked alaska is a dish from the region of hong kong in france . the leader of the country is gerard larcher and the language spoken is french language .
lemon is a member of the rutaceae family and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . the dish comes from the antioquia department region of colombia .
barny cakes is a dish from france , where the leader is francois hollande and the language is french language . it is also where the gerard larcher is a leader and the language spoken is sponge cake .
batagor is a variation of the siomay which contains peanut sauce . it is a variation of the shumai and is a variation of the peanut sauce . the dish is popular in the indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of the shumai which contains shiitake and is a variation of the siomay . the dish originates from the indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of the shumai which contains shiitake . it is a variation of the siomay and is a variation of the indonesia . the leader of the country is jusuf kalla .
the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . the sandwich is from the karnataka region of the india and also also known as bhaji , bajji .
bhajji is a food found in karnataka , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the people are called indian people .
bhajji is a dish from the region of karnataka in india . the leader of the country is sumitra mahajan and the leader is t . s . thakur .
bionico is a dessert from the region of guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins and sour cream .
bionico is a dessert dish from the mexico , where the leader is enrique pena nieto and the language spoken is spanish language .
bionico is a dish from the region of jalisco , mexico . it is a dessert that contains honey .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is felipe vi of spain and one of the ethnic groups are the spaniards .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from the country of italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . the language spoken in the country is italian language .
the capital of the country is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella . the country is the country where the people are known as italians and the country is the home of the italy where the people are called .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from the country of italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi . the language spoken in the country is italian language .
the ayam penyet is a dish from the region of nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore and it includes the ingredient fried chicken . the dish comes from the region of chicken and is a dish from the java where the javanese people are an ethnic group .
ayam penyet is a dish from the region of singapore , where the leader is tony tan . the country is led by javanese people and the language spoken is english language .
the language spoken in the philippines is philippine spanish and the language spoken is arabic . the country is the country where the zamboangans are an ethnic group and the language spoken is chinese filipino . the country is the country .
ajoblanco is a dish from the region of andalusia , where the leader is susana diaz . the country is led by spaniards and the language spoken is spanish language .
ajoblanco is a dish from the region of andalusia , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . the country ' s leader is susana diaz and the people are called spaniards .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was a united states national who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was awarded the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of united states operated british hong kong .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a united states national who was a crew member on apollo 11 . he was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national who was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 . he was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and was born in fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he was a crew member of william anders and backup pilot retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot william anders and retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he died in california , which is operated by the dianne feinstein .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the united states and was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a united states national who was a crew member on the fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , central denmark region , denmark . the leader of the country is margrethe ii of denmark and the language spoken there is faroese language .
adolfo suarez madridbarajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by the enaire . the airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has the icao location identifier of viag . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the airport ' s icao location identifier is oraa and its runway name is 08 / 26 . the airport has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airport ' s icao location identifier is oraa and its runway name is 08 / 26 . the airport has a length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya and the lockheed ac - 130 . the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the air force .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada and the lockheed ac - 130 . the usaf deploy the lockheed c - 130 hercules attack aircraft and the operation enduring freedom .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore , is located in pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport , which serves the city of lahore , is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it has a length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena , michigan . the runway name is 1 / 19 and it has a length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . it serves the city of alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of the country are nikos voutsis and alexis tsipras .
the athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , new jersey , united states . the leader of the city is don guardian and the leader is atlantic city , new jersey .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s capital is city of brussels and the leader is philippe of belgium . the country ' s capital is charles michel .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , atlantic county , new jersey , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier of the airport is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york which is part of harrietstown , new york , essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh , part of the bundelkhand in awadh . the airport is operated by the indian air force , which has the hal light combat helicopter transport aircraft .
the indian air force is the operating organisation for agra airport in uttar pradesh , which is part of the bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the hal light combat helicopter and has the transport aircraft called the ram naik .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of the country is haider al - abadi and the language spoken there is arabic .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
the construction of 250 delaware avenue , which has 12 floors , is located in buffalo , new york . it was started in january , 2014 and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of the country is springfield , illinois and the leader is rahm emanuel .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international , which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark , where the leader is margrethe ii of denmark .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international , which was founded in washington , d . c . . the tenant of the hotel is bill marriott and the key person is greenlandic language .
the tenant of the marriott international is the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which was founded in washington , d . c . and is located in denmark , where the leader is lars lkke rasmussen .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and she is the architect of the grounds of adare manor . the architect of the manor is republic of ireland , which is lead by enda kenny and the palace of westminster .
the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and is located at 42 m . it was started in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors and the address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of the country is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups are the chinese people in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states , is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in the virginia . the current tenants are the robert a . m . stern and the current tenants are the college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of the country is sumitra mahajan and the leader is gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is a ampara district found in eastern province , sri lanka , sri lanka . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe .
the ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka , the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe and the capital is sri lanka .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and she designed several significant buildings , including the hearst castle building , the asilomar state beach and the los angeles herald - examiner .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and she designed several significant buildings , including the hearst castle building , the riverside art museum and the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city , manhattan , united states . the leader of the country is cyrus vance , jr . and the leader is new netherland .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham , which is lead by john clancy ( labour politician ) and has the b postcode area .
the leader of united states is president of the united states . the capital city is washington , d . c . and the leader is called the john roberts . the country is the location of the 250 delaware avenue which is located in john roberts .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , which has the franklin county , pennsylvania to its southeast . the monument is categorized as a contributing property and is located in izmir . the monument is categorized as a contributing property . the monument is .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made from red granite and white marble and designed by the huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . it is dedicated to the soldiers of the azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by the artur rasizade . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is dedicated to the .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in monocacy national battlefield , maryland , frederick county , maryland . it was established in july 11th , 1907 and falls under the category of historic districts in the united states .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a united states national who spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space . he spent retired in space .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the nasa operated apollo 14 , which ranks higher than the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean , who was born in alan lavern bean , was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . he retired on june 1981 and was commanded by david scott .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and was born in united states . he graduated from 1963 with a bachelor of science degree .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a b . s . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national who was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders and the backup pilot was fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a b . s . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was awarded the smilodon and died in california , where the senator is dianne feinstein .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of the united states and graduated from the fighter pilot . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . he was a crew member of frank borman and was a crew member of buzz aldrin .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . 1962 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he graduated from william anders with a bachelor of science degree . the backup pilot of nasa is .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india was established in 2000 . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the country of denmark , which is lead by lars lkke rasmussen . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the religion is the monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the leader of the country is lars lkke rasmussen and the country ' s leader is thomas pallesen .
the largest city in india is mumbai . the country is the location of the awh engineering college which was established in 2001 . it is located in the state of kerala , which is lead by kochi .
the romania is lead by klaus iohannis and has the capital city of bucharest . the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university which is located in the country of desteapta - te , romane ! . the country ' s anthem is the andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
the largest city in turkey is istanbul . the capital of the country is ankara and the largest city is turkish lira . the currency in the country is the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 . the largest city .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , which is led by the president of turkey . the capital of the country is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the monument was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on july 27th , 1932 in turkey . the capital of the country is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the currency in the country is the president of turkey and the capital is turkish lira .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in mendrisio , switzerland was established in 1996 . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka was established in 2000 . the institute ' s president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute is affiliated with the nurturing excellence .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which is governed by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute was given the " technical campus " status by the international tennis federation and is governed by the tennis which .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia in the city of romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and the anthem is the prime minister of romania . the country ' s anthem is the desteapta - te , romane ! and the country is .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and lars lkke rasmussen as its leader .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the school is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of the country is lars lkke rasmussen and the leader is monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it has 16000 students and the latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin , b . s . 1955 with a b . s . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and was a united states national .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc , m . a . 1957 with a b . s . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and served as a united states . he was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was david scott and the commander was alfred worden .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a doctorate in science , he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a b . s . he was a crew member on the united states and spent 52 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a doctorate in science , and was a crew member on the united states . he was awarded the 20 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on the united states operated apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 with a bachelor of science degree . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot was william anders and the mission was .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a united states national who was a crew member on the apollo 8 flight mission and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . he was born in united states and retired on september 1st , 1969 . the backup pilot was frank borman and the crew member was buzz aldrin .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 in british hong kong . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member on the apollo 8 flight mission . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was involved in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the president of the abdul rahman ya ' kub .
the leader of abdul taib mahmud is parti bumiputera sarawak .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the leader of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal was inaugurated on january 3rd , 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway was a member of the gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
antonis samaras is the architect of adonis georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis was first published in deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was inaugurated on june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
lieutenant colonel is the lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was established in 1935 .
republican party ( united states ) is the leader of albert b . white .
albert b . white is a member of the agnes ward white family .
the albert jennings fountain is affiliated with the union army .
alberto teisaire is an argentina .
the alberto teisaire is now rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was inaugurated on march 4th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales was involved in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was followed by mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was inaugurated on january 21st , 1947 .
the allan shivers is affiliated with the united states army .
price daniel is the leader of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was inaugurated on march 4th , 1853 .
whig party ( united states ) is the leader of alvah sabin .
robert e . lee is the commander of american civil war .
austrian german is the language of austria .
robert e . lee is the commander of battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor is a member of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell is the commander of gulf war .
dwight d . eisenhower is the leader of john f . kennedy .
josef klaus graduated from university of vienna .
francisco franco is the leader of juan carlos i of spain .
labour party ( argentina ) is the leader of juan peron .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
united states army was involved in the spanishamerican war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the 1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
the 1955 dodge has a height of 230 ( cubic inches ) .
a - rosa luna was born on april 7th , 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was born on march 16th , 2013 .
aidastella was inaugurated on march 11th , 2013 .
aidastella was a march 17th , 2013 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 is in the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is a straight - four engine .
acura tlx is a honda k engine .
acura tlx is located in awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is in the honda accord .
acura tlx is a 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
arese is the leader of alfa romeo 164 .
alfa romeo 164 is in the lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is a 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
alhambra is owned by the samuda brothers .
the alhambra ' s first runway is made from 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is wrecked .
the alhambra has a runway length of 18 . 52 .
alvis speed 25 is a straight - six engine .
alvis speed 25 was established in 1937 .
american submarine nr - 1 was created by 4 . 6 m .
antares ( rocket ) ' s time in space is october 28th , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) is in the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
ariane 5 is in the guiana space centre .
ariane 5 ' s first runway was august 11th , 2005 .
aston martin v8 is a convertible .
aston martin is the distributor of the aston martin v8 .
aston martin is the distributor of the aston martin virage .
atlas ii ' s time in space is march 16th , 1998 .
atlas ii is in the vandenberg air force base .
audi was founded by august horch .
audi brussels is the leader of audi a1 .
audi a1 is in the seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom is in the chrysler newport .
fiat croma is in the alfa romeo 164 .
germans inhabit germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the guiana space centre is headquartered in kourou , french guiana .
honda is the distributor of the honda k engine .
the the star - spangled banner is the national anthem of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was a member of the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 feet long .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league .
the atlanta falcons is located in the city of atlanta .
don sweeney is the manager of boston bruins .
budapest is located in the hungary .
english language is the language of canada .
slavey language is the language of canada .
the columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish language is the language of finland .
daniele zoratto is the manager of italy national under - 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the manager of maccabi ashdod b . c . .
motherwell f . c . ' s ground is in fir park .
jean - michel aulas is the owner of the olympique lyonnais .
the st . louis rams is located in the city of st . louis .
the tennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram was established in 1998 .
aaron deer was influenced by the horns of happiness .
kill rock stars is the creator of aaron deer .
aaron turner is a avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a progressive metal .
abradab is solo singer .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop music .
agustin barboza is a guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is a rock music .
albennie jones was influenced by sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is a rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is a soul music .
alex day is a synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa was influenced by hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
rca records is the creator of alfredo zitarrosa .
alison o ' donnell was established in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz .
alison o ' donnell is made of voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born on february 4th , 1981 .
allen forrest is a pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne was influenced by johnny sansone .
anders osborne is a rhythm and blues .
alligator records is the creator of anders osborne .
andra ( singer ) is a rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was established in 2009 .
andrew rayel was influenced by christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) was influenced by marry banilow .
b - unique records is the creator of andrew white ( musician ) .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns is a variation of the guitar .
gangsta rap is the creator of hip hop music .
hip hop music is a funk .
indie rock is a new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records was founded by sony music entertainment .
rock and roll is a blues .
synthpop is a pop music .
british people inhabit united kingdom .
the population density of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) .
carl a . wirtanen is the creator of ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a height of 22 . 1 .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a height of 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has a height of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is november 4th , 2013 .
1000 piazzia has a height of 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1001 gaussia was designed by 1923 oaa907 xc .
1001 gaussia has a height of 165 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
101 helena has a height of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena is december 31st , 2006 .
101 helena has a height of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
the total area of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
103 hera has a height of 7 . 66 .
103 hera has a height of 7 . 9 ( kilograms ) .
107 camilla has a height of 7 . 08 .
a . storrs is the creator of 107 camilla .
1089 tama was designed by a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama has a height of 1202 . 846 ( days ) .
the total area of 1097 vicia is 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1097 vicia is december 31st , 2006 .
1097 vicia was first published in 95040 . 0 .
christian heinrich friedrich peters is the creator of 109 felicitas .
109 felicitas has a runway length of 283326000000 . 0 .
the total area of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1101 clematis has a runway length of 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia is december 31st , 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone has a height of 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart and was awarded the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s . daggett , who was awarded the purple heart , was awarded the battle of gettysburg .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the architect of abdul taib mahmud and the stephen yong kuet tze .
parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu is the leader of abdul taib mahmud , which was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in minna , graduated from technical institute , kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and is a chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar was operated by the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) and was operated by the al - amin daggash .
abdulsalami abubakar was a member of the olusegun obasanjo and was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 .
olusegun obasanjo is the president of the abdulsalami abubakar .
abner w . sibal was a character in the world war ii , where the leader is joseph stalin .
the united states army is the operating organisation for abner w . sibal and was involved in the korean war .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and is a gravesend .
adam koc , who was awarded the virtuti militari , was awarded the world war i .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and was broadcast by the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and was born in adonis georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and was broadcast by the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant , born in hessisch oldendorf , was a parliamentary group leader .
the airey neave , which was awarded the military cross , is operated by the royal artillery .
airey neave was a battle of france and was inaugurated on march 4th , 1974 .
airey neave was a character in the battle of france , where the leader is hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and was a world war ii .
airey neave was a character in the world war ii , where the leader is franklin d . roosevelt .
airey neave was a character in the world war ii , where the leader is joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and is a politician .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain ' s president is edmund j . davis and he died in new mexico territory .
republican party ( united states ) is the leader of albert jennings fountain , which was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire was operated by the isaac rojas and was followed by provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfons gorbach , born in austria - hungary , was born in austria and was born in austria .
alfons gorbach , born in tyrol ( state ) , was born in austria and was born in austria .
alfred moore scales was operated by the james w . reid ( politician ) and was followed by governor of north carolina .
daniel gould fowle , who graduated from princeton university , is the manager of alfred moore scales .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a united states house of representatives .
the united states army is the operating organisation for alfred n . phillips and was involved in the american civil war .
allan shivers was a character in the world war ii , where the leader is joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and was broadcast by the member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers was operated by the ben ramsey and was followed by member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd , 1793 and is a secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard , who was born in saskatchewan , plays for wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is a member of the u . s . citta di palermo and plays for penarol . he is also attached to the club abel hernandez .
adam maher is a member of the az alkmaar and plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team . he is also attached to the club adam maher .
adam maher is a member of the psv eindhoven and plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team . he is also attached to the club adam maher .
ahmad kadhim assad is a member of the steel azin f . c . and plays for al shorta sc . he is also attached to the club al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc , whose manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams is a member of the t & tec sports club and plays for trinidad and tobago national football team . he is also attached to the club akeem adams .
akeem ayers , who was created in 39 , was a member of the new england patriots season .
akeem ayers , who was created in 39 , was a member of the tennessee titans season .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 and was born on 1987 .
akeem priestley is a member of the connecticut huskies and plays for sheikh russel kc . he is also attached to the club connecticut huskies .
akeem priestley is a member of the rops and plays for sheikh russel kc . he is also attached to the club sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra is in the al - khor sports club , which is based in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc , whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the leeds united f . c . and plays for hamilton academical f . c . . he is also attached to the club leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is in the hamilton academical f . c . , which is based in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 and plays for florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar and plays for fc spartak moscow . he is also attached to the club aleksandr prudnikov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays in fc tom tomsk , who play in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli is a member of the fc karpaty lviv and plays for fc dinamo batumi . he is also attached to the club fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born in manitoba and was born in 1989 .
alex tyus was born on january 8th , 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league league and is in the maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada , where the o canada is the national anthem .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the english language is spoken .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and is managed by levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow , which has the ground of otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays in the rops , which is in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , which has the ground of palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is a psychedelia and was created by guitar .
aaron deer is a indiana national , and is a united states national . the book is from the united states .
aaron turner was created by twilight ( band ) and electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , which is made of singing , is a avant - garde metal .
abradab was created by magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 and was born on katowice .
abradab , born in katowice , was born in poland and was born in abradab .
ace wilder is a character hip hop music which is a character disco .
ace wilder , which is made of solo singer , is a warner music group .
agustin barboza , who was born in paraguay , was a philips records .
alan frew is a character rock music which was created by bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew is a character rock music which is a character country music .
albennie jones is a character jazz which is a character blues .
aleksandra kovac is a pop music and was written in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is a character rhythm and blues which is a character blues .
aleksandra kovac , which has soul music , was written in 1990 .
alex day is a character synthpop which is a character new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and was born in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a milonga ( music ) and was written in solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa is a taquirari and was written in solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is a zamba ( artform ) and was written in solo singer .
alison o ' donnell was created by plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell , which was created by floating world records , is a folk rock .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz and was created by voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest is a hip hop music and was written in solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is a character alternative rock which was created by christian alternative rock .
anders osborne was created by tab benoit and phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne , which was created by rabadash records , is a rhythm and blues .
anders osborne , which was created by shanachie records , is a rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) , which has pop music , was written in 2000 .
andra ( singer ) is a character rhythm and blues which is a character blues .
andrew rayel was created by jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
andrew rayel was created by mark sixma and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel was created by armin van buuren and jwaydan moyine .
andrew white ( musician ) is a character alternative rock which is a character new wave music .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is a character country music which is a variation of the banjo .
the andrew white ( musician ) , who was created by polydor records , is located in london .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has a height of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has a height of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a height of 211 . 0 ( kelvins ) and a height of 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which has a runway length of 88234300000 . 0 , is a spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has a total of 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) , is made of november 4th , 2013 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was completed in 16244700 . 0 , was a july 14th , 2004 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which was completed in 9953 . 28 , was a july 14th , 2004 .
james craig watson , who was an architect of 101 helena , died in peritonitis .
the 1036 ganymed has a total of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a total of 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
walter baade , born in german empire , is the creator of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade is an architect of 1036 ganymed , a member of the germany .
james craig watson , who was an architect of 103 hera , died in peritonitis .
james craig watson is an architect of 103 hera , a member of the canada .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the creator of 107 camilla .
1089 tama , which was completed in november 26th , 2005 , was designed by a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama has a height of 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) and a height of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which has a runway length of 279142000000 . 0 , is available in december 31st , 2006 .
109 felicitas has a height of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a height of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas , which has a runway length of 283326000000 . 0 , is available in december 31st , 2006 .
109 felicitas , which was completed in 47487 . 6 , was a december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea has a height of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and a height of 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
10 hygiea , which was completed in june 27th , 2015 , was designed by a900 ga .
110 lydia , which has a total of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , is december 31st , 2006 .
110 lydia , which was completed in 142603000 . 0 , was a december 31st , 2006 .
the a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is a variation of the cruise ship .
the a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was completed in january 22nd , 2004 .
the aida cruises is located in germany and is the operating organisation for aidastella .
the aida cruises is located in rostock and is the operating organisation for aidaluna .
the aidaluna has a height of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a height of 40 . 744 .
the aidastella , which has a total of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was inaugurated on march 16th , 2013 .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a tenant of diesel - electric transmission , is located in montreal locomotive works .
alv x - 1 , which has a height of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a height of 2 .
amc matador , which has 1974 members , is located in the kenosha , wisconsin .
richard a . teague , who is the manager of amc matador , is owned by the chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) , which has a total of 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is located in argentina .
the alfa romeo 164 is lead by the saab 9000 and is lead by the milan .
the alfa romeo 164 is lead by the fiat croma and is lead by the italy .
the alfa romeo 164 is lead by the lancia thema and is lead by the italy .
alvis car and engineering company , which is located in coventry , is the location of the alvis speed 25 .
alvis speed 25 is single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and has a height of 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres ) .
alvis speed 25 is a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and is made from straight - six engine .
eagle ( automobile ) is the leader of american motors , where the amc matador is operated by the amc matador .
antares ( rocket ) , who was created by mid - atlantic regional spaceport , was awarded the january 9th , 2014 .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from the argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
the ariane 5 , which is owned by the airbus defence and space , is located in the ela - 3 .
ariane 5 is published by airbus defence and space , whose parent company is airbus group .
the aston martin v8 is lead by the aston martin rham / 1 and is lead by the united kingdom .
aston martin v8 was designed by aston martin and is located in the aston martin .
aston martin v8 was operated by the aston martin dbs and was operated by the aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 was created by aston martin and aston martin virage .
atlas ii has a runway length of march 16th , 1998 and is 3 . 04 m .
the atlas ii , which is owned by the lockheed martin , is located in the cape canaveral air force station .
audi , who is the operating organisation for audi a1 , is in the audi e - tron .
audi a1 is operated by the audi , whose parent company is ducati .
audi a1 is operated by the audi , whose parent company is quattro gmbh .
the caterpillar inc . is a member of the caterpillar inc . which is lead by douglas r . oberhelman .
the antares ( rocket ) , which is a delta ii , is in the vandenberg air force base .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is published in the finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , which is the location of the american submarine nr - 1 .
the a - rosa luna is a mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
the leader of united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the country is lead by aston martin v8 .
aaron s . daggett , who was born in maine , was awarded the purple heart and was awarded the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink , who was born in netherlands , is a erasmus university rotterdam and is a member of the ab klink .
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak and was a member of the abdul rahman ya ' kub crew , which was founded by stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , is a sarawak and has the title of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was born in niger state , was a student at the technical institute , kaduna and was a student at the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
abdulsalami abubakar , which is operated by the nigerian air force , was operated by the olusegun obasanjo , which has the president atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , which is operated by the nigerian army , was operated by the olusegun obasanjo , which has the president atiku abubakar .
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , was born in galicia ( spain ) and was a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero , born in galicia ( spain ) , is a spain and is lead by the spanish socialist workers ' party .
the abner w . sibal , which is affiliated with the united states army , was involved in world war ii , where the joseph stalin are an ethnic group .
abner w . sibal , who was born in ridgewood , queens , was selected by nasa in member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and has the leader republican party ( united states ) .
the adam holloway , which is affiliated with the grenadier guards , was involved in gulf war , where the george h . w . bush are the commander .
adam holloway , who was born in faversham , is a magdalene college , cambridge and is a member of the faversham .
adam koc was born in congress poland and was a polishsoviet war , whose commander was leon trotsky .
adam koc was a member of the polishsoviet war which was involved in russian civil war . the commander of the country is leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , was born in greece and was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was born in athens and was a minister for health .
the adonis georgiadis was followed by antonis samaras and new democracy ( greece ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is mark rutte . the netherlands is led by house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national whose leader is mark rutte . the leader of the country is socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant , who was born in west germany , was a student at the radboud university nijmegen and was a agnes kant .
airey neave was born on june 30th , 1953 in march 30th , 1979 . he was a world war ii .
airey neave was born on march 4th , 1974 in march 30th , 1979 . he was a world war ii .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died in 1941 .
agnes ward white , born in marietta , ohio , is the manager of albert b . white , which is owned by william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in new york city . he died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island . he died in united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta and the governing body is buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire , born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral and was a member of the isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . he died in graz .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut , was a albert e . austin and was selected by nasa in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , born in darien , connecticut , was a albert e . austin and was selected by nasa in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
allan shivers , which was operated by wilfred r . cousins , jr . , was followed by member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and the democratic party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin was inaugurated on march 3rd , 1857 and is located in vermont . the largest city in alvah sabin is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd , 1793 and is a food found in alvah sabin . the leader of the country is whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin , who was born in georgia , vermont , is led by the daniel webster and is led by whig party ( united states ) .
albert jennings fountain was born in united states and was a american civil war . the commander of the country is abraham lincoln .
the alfred moore scales was involved in the american civil war , where the jefferson davis was the commander .
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol and died in austria . the leader of the country is doris bures .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in austria . the leader of the country is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in austria , where the leader is doris bures . the leader of styria is austria .
aaron s . daggett was a member of the battle of salem church which was involved in american civil war . the commander of the us was robert e . lee .
ab klink is a netherlands national , who was born in stellendam . the currency is the euro .
adam koc is a dish from the poland , where the language is polish language and one of the ethnic groups is kashubians .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has a height of 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has a height of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) and a height of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which has a runway length of 88234300000 . 0 , was completed in 39447000 . 0 and is a spacewatch .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has a height of - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) , has a height of 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) and a height of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
the ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 , which has a total of 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) , has a total of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and a total of 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
1000 piazzia , which has a runway length of 352497000000 . 0 , was completed in 488160 . 0 and is now june 27th , 2015 .
the 1001 gaussia , which has a floor area of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) , was completed in june 27th , 2015 and is a 1001 gaussia .
101 helena has a height of 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) and a height of 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) .
walter baade , an germany , attended the university of gottingen and is the creator of 1036 ganymed .
james craig watson , who was born in madison , wisconsin , is the creator of the 103 hera . he was a august 27th , 2011 .
james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin , is the creator of the 103 hera , which was died in peritonitis .
103 hera , which has a 1622 . 213 ( days ) , was completed in august 27th , 2011 and has a height of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
103 hera , which has a height of 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) , has a height of 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) and a height of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham , is the creator of 107 camilla , who was born in england .
1089 tama , which has a 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was completed in november 26th , 2005 and is a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
the 1089 tama , which has a floor area of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is november 26th , 2005 and it ' s height is 288749000000 . 0 .
the 1097 vicia , which is located in december 31st , 2006 , has a runway length of 279142000000 . 0 and is 1928 pc .
109 felicitas , a 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) , was completed in 139705000 . 0 and has a total of december 31st , 2006 .
109 felicitas , which has a 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) high , was completed in 139705000 . 0 and is a december 31st , 2006 .
the 10 hygiea , which has a total of 5 . 57 ( days ) , has a total of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and a total of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
the 10 hygiea , which has a total of 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) , has a total of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and a total of 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) .
10 hygiea , which has a 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) floor area , is a 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) floor long .
110 lydia , which has a floor area of 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) , is december 31st , 2006 and it ' s height is 377016000000 . 0 .
the 110 lydia , which has a floor area of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , is december 31st , 2006 and it ' s height is 377016000000 . 0 .
aaron bertram was created by kids imagine nation and suburban legends , which was a pop music national .
aaron deer is a indie rock national , who was written in united states and is a indiana national .
aaron deer is a psychedelia national who was born in united states . it is a indiana national , and has united states as an ingredient .
aaron turner was created by greymachine and twilight ( band ) . he was a black metal .
aaron turner was created by twilight ( band ) and greymachine . he was a drone music .
aaron turner was created by twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he was a ambient music .
aaron turner is a character black metal which was created by electric guitar and death metal .
aaron turner is a character black metal which was created by singing and death metal .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 in kaliber 44 . he was a magik ( rapper ) and was influenced by abradab .
abradab was born in katowice and was a magik ( rapper ) . he was a kaliber 44 and was influenced by abradab .
ace wilder is a character hip hop music which is a character funk and is made from disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and is a asuncion . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) , a rock music , was created by nrbq and singing .
alan frew is a character rock music which was created by bhangra ( music ) and country music .
albennie jones is a character jazz which was created by afrobeat and blues .
albennie jones , who was born in errata , mississippi , is a rhythm and blues , which has the disco as its transport aircraft .
aleksandra kovac was created by k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and bebi dol . he was a pop music .
aleksandra kovac was created by kornelije kovac and bebi dol . he was a pop music .
aleksandra kovac was created by kristina kovac and k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) .
alex day is a character synthpop which is a character disco and is made from pop music .
alfred garth jones , born in manchester , died in england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom who was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is labour party ( uk ) and he died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . he died in london where the leader is boris johnson .
alison o ' donnell was created by mellow candle and flibbertigibbet . he was a folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell was created by mellow candle and flibbertigibbet . he was a folk music .
alison o ' donnell is a character jazz which is made from voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp and is made from funk .
alison o ' donnell is a character jazz , which is made of funk and was created by static caravan recordings .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , is made from solo singer and is pop music .
allen forrest , who was born in dothan , alabama , is a rhythm and blues and is made from solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is a character alternative rock which was created by nu metal and new wave music .
anders osborne was born in billy iuso and was created by kirk joseph and the tab benoit . he was a kirk joseph .
anders osborne is a character rock music , which was created by rabadash records and bhangra ( music ) .
andra ( singer ) was created by puya ( singer ) and crbl . he was a dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) was created by marius moga and andreea balan .
andra ( singer ) is a character rhythm and blues which is made from solo singer and is made from disco .
andrew rayel was created by christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn . he was a trance music .
andrew rayel was created by jonathan mendelsohn and bobina . he was a trance music .
andrew rayel was created by jwaydan moyine and christian burns , the author of which is andrew rayel .
andrew white ( musician ) was created by marry banilow and kaiser chiefs . he was a universal records ( defunct record label ) .
aaron bertram , a ska punk , was created by suburban legends and ska .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and was born in united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the 1955 dodge , also known as dodge coronet , is a 3 - speed automatic dish which is located in v8 engine .
the a - rosa luna , which has a runway length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , was completed in a - rosa luna which is a cruise ship .
the a - rosa luna , which has a height of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , has a height of 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) and a height of 24 . 0 .
the aida cruises is located in germany and is the operating organisation for aidastella . the owner of the country is costa crociere .
the aidastella , which was inaugurated on march 16th , 2013 , has a runway length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) and is march 17th , 2013 .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a four - stroke engine , is located in american locomotive company and has a height of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a v12 engine , is located in american locomotive company and has a height of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a floor area of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) , is owned by the american locomotive company who was founded in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , where the people are called americans and african americans .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is native americans in the united states .
alv x - 1 , which has a height of 1 . 524 ( metres ) , has a height of 1 and a height of 2 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe , which has coupe as a crew member of 1958 , was established in straight - four engine .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe , which has a height of 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) , has a height of 1 . 55 and a height of two door coupe .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which is owned by the arctech helsinki shipyard , has a runway length of 21 . 2 and is owned by the helsinki .
the alfa romeo 164 is located in the fiat croma and is lead by the italy . the capital of the country is rome .
the alfa romeo 164 is located in the lancia thema and is lead by the italy . the capital of the country is rome .
the alfa romeo 164 is in the state of lancia thema , the fiat croma . the lancia thema is the location of the fiat croma and the arese .
the alfa romeo 164 is in the state of saab 9000 , the fiat croma . the saab 9000 is the location of the fiat croma and the milan .
the alhambra , which has a runway length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is operated by the 8 . 3 m and is a may 31st , 1855 .
the alhambra , which is now wrecked , is now may 31st , 1855 and is now 8 . 3 m .
the alvis speed 25 , which is made from petrol , is operated by the alvis car and engineering company who was founded in coventry .
the amc matador is published by american motors , who was a member of the eagle ( automobile ) and has roy d . chapin , jr . as a key leader .
the antares ( rocket ) is published in the delta ii , which is also a dish that is located in the united states . the yuzhnoye design office is the parent company of delta ii .
the antares ( rocket ) , which is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , is operated by the yuzhnoye design office and has the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the ariane 5 , which is owned by the arianespace , is located in the ela - 3 , which is located in guiana space centre .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) floor area , was established in aston martin dbs and is a 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) , is located in the aston martin dbs and has a height of united kingdom .
atlas ii , which is located in vandenberg air force base , is a part of the united states and is located in the cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii is from the united states , which is lead by president of the united states . the leader of the country is native americans in the united states .
the atlas ii is located in the cape canaveral air force station , spaceport florida launch complex 36 , united states .
the audi a1 , which has a height of 1 . 2 ( litres ) , is a hatchback and has a height of audi brussels .
the audi a1 is in the seat ibiza and is owned by the audi . the volkswagen polo is the location of the audi a1 which is in the state of seat ibiza .
the aidaluna , a caterpillar inc . , is a member of the peoria , illinois and was founded in california .
the aidaluna , which is owned by the caterpillar inc . , is located in illinois and is owned by the aida cruises .
the costa crociere is located in genoa and is the publisher of aidastella . the airport is owned by the aida cruises .
the antares ( rocket ) is a delta ii , which is located in the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . the united states is also the president of the country .
the ariane 5 ' s ground is in ela - 3 , guiana space centre , which is headquartered in french guiana .
ela - 3 , in guiana space centre , kourou , french guiana , is the location of the ariane 5 .
the neptun werft , which is located in rostock , is the owner of the a - rosa luna . the airport is owned by the germany .
the united states is the home of the americans and the african americans . the book is also known as atlas ii .
aaron hunt is a member of the goslarer sc 08 and is attached to the club vfl wolfsburg . he is also attached to the club sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt is a member of the vfl wolfsburg , which is owned by sv werder bremen ii and is in the vfl wolfsburg . the manager of the country is dieter hecking .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol and plays for hull city a . f . c . . he is also attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol and plays for penarol . he is also attached to the club u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher , who was born in netherlands , is a member of the psv eindhoven and was born in az alkmaar .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , which has their ground in palo seco . he is attached to the club w connection f . c . and their ground is in akeem adams .
akeem ayers , who have 39 members , was a member of the los angeles rams season and was a member of the 2 season .
akeem ayers , who have 39 members , was a member of the st . louis rams season and was a member of the 2 season .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he was a atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra , who was born in iraq , is a member of the iraq national under - 20 football team and plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc , which has their ground in al khor . he is attached to the club shabab al - ordon club and their ground is in alaa abdul - zahra .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1st , 1989 in january 1st , 1989 . he is a member of the clyde f . c . and plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the accrington stanley f . c . , whose ground is in accrington . the club is in the motherwell f . c . and their ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 in tampere , finland . he is a florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on september 2nd , 1995 in tampere , finland . he was a florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 in aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 in aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for russia national football b team and is a member of the fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli is a member of the olympique lyonnais , which has their ground in parc olympique lyonnais . he is attached to the club azal pfk and their ground is in parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli is a member of the olympique lyonnais , which has their ground in parc olympique lyonnais . he is attached to the club us lesquin and their ground is in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan , which is owned by italy national under - 16 football team and is in the italy national under - 16 football team club .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the a . c . milan , which is owned by u . c . sampdoria and is in the u . c . sampdoria club .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italy national under - 16 football team , whose leader is daniele zoratto . he is also attached to the club a . s . roma and the a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli , who was born in italy , is a member of the italy national under - 17 football team and was born in u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who was born in brandon , manitoba , is a 1 . 9304 floor long and a member of the anyang halla .
alex plante , who was born in canada , is a anyang halla and has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex tyus play in the euroleague league and plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . , whose leader is zvi sherf .
alex tyus play in the turkish basketball super league league and plays at the maccabi ashdod b . c . , whose leader is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow , which has their ground in otkrytiye arena and plays at the fc tom tomsk .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow , which has their ground in otkrytiye arena and plays at the fc anzhi makhachkala .
aleksandr chumakov played in the fc torpedo moscow , which was previously won by valery petrakov and played in the 201415 russian premier league .
abel hernandez is a member of the hull city a . f . c . , which is owned by uruguay olympic football team and is in the hull city a . f . c . club .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin and he died in russia .
abner ( footballer ) is a member of the real madrid castilla , which is owned by brazil national under - 20 football team and is in the brazil national under - 20 football team club .
abner ( footballer ) is a member of the real madrid castilla , which is owned by c . d . fas and is in the real madrid castilla club .
alex tyus was born in st . louis , greater st . louis , where the leader is francis g . slay .
akeem ayers , who was a member of the tennessee titans , is located in the city of nashville , tennessee . he was a member of the new england patriots crew .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , which has their ground in palo seco and plays at the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
aaron hunt is a member of the 3 . liga and their manager is sv werder bremen ii . the club is managed by sv werder bremen and their manager is alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is a member of the hull city a . f . c . , which is owned by the central espanol . he is from the penarol club and is affiliated with the steve bruce .
abel hernandez is a member of the penarol , which is owned by the central espanol . he is from the u . s . citta di palermo club and has the manager of jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez is a member of the serie a and their manager is u . s . citta di palermo . the club is in the penarol league . the club is managed by giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on october 12th , 1986 . he has a height of 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) and a height of 1986 .
adam mcquaid ' s manager is don sweeney and they played for boston bruins in the columbus blue jackets in columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers was born on july 10th , 1989 in tennessee titans . he was a st . louis rams and was a member of the st . louis rams crew .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he was a houston texans and was a member of the 1987 crew .
akeem dent was born on september 27th , 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he was a atlanta falcons and was a member of the houston texans crew .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc , which is based in al khor . the club is also known as al - zawra ' a sc and their ground is in amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc , which is based in al khor . the club is also known as iraq national under - 23 football team and their manager is amar osim .
alaa abdul - zahra is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc , which is based in al khor . the club is also known as shabab al - ordon club and their manager is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1st , 1989 in january 1st , 1989 . he has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and a height of crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1st , 1989 in january 1st , 1989 . he has a height of 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) and a height of crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 in aleksandr prudnikov , which has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and a height of fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24th , 1989 in aleksandr prudnikov , which has a height of 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) and a height of fc spartak moscow . he has a height of fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli , born in batumi , is a 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) floor long and a height of fc karpaty lviv . he is a fc zestafoni .
alex plante was born on may 9th , 1989 in canada . he was a anyang halla and was born on 1989 .
alex plante was born in canada and is a 1 . 9304 floor long and is in the anyang halla club .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the official language is o canada .
the o canada is the national anthem of canada where the asian canadians are an ethnic group . the country is lead by elizabeth ii and the asian canadians .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the official language is o canada .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc terek grozny , which is based in grozny . the club is managed by rashid rakhimov and their ground is in fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov played in the fc torpedo moscow , which is affiliated with the valery petrakov . the club played in the 201415 russian premier league and are managed by aleksandr tukmanov .
akeem dent , a member of the houston texans , was created in atlanta falcons and was a member of the akeem dent , which was created by texas and houston .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , which is in the uruguayan primera division league and the hull city a . f . c . .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has a 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor area , was completed in 8788850000 . 0 and is a december 31st , 2006 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has a 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) high , is 360 . 29 ( days ) and was completed in november 4th , 2013 .
the ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , which has a height of 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) , is made from 360 . 29 ( days ) and has a height of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) .
1000 piazzia , which has a 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds ) high , was completed in 488160 . 0 and is a june 27th , 2015 . it was a 352497000000 . 0 floor long .
the 1001 gaussia , which is a 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) high , was designed by sergey belyavsky and is located in 1923 oaa907 xc .
walter baade , born in german empire , is the creator of the 1036 ganymed , which was edited by 1036 ganymed , who graduated from university of gottingen and is part of the allan sandage .
walter baade , born in preuisch oldendorf , is the creator of the 1036 ganymed , which was edited by 1036 ganymed , who graduated from university of gottingen and is a member of the halton arp .
walter baade , who graduated from university of gottingen , is the creator of the 1036 ganymed . he was a member of the halton arp and died in west germany .
james craig watson , who graduated from university of michigan , is the creator of the 103 hera . he died in madison , wisconsin and died in peritonitis .
james craig watson , a canada national , is the creator of 103 hera , which has a height of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
james craig watson is an canada national who is the creator of the peritonitis . he died in madison , wisconsin and is the creator of the 103 hera .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the creator of 107 camilla , which has a floor area of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and died in chennai .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , is the creator of the 107 camilla , which is located in the chennai .
the 1089 tama , which has a 1202 . 846 ( days ) , was completed in november 26th , 2005 and has a a894 va ; a904 vd ; . it has a height of 288749000000 . 0 and a height of 288749000000 . 0 .
the 1089 tama , which has a height of 1202 . 846 ( days ) , is a 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) high and a height of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1097 vicia , which has a floor area of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) , was completed in 135589000 . 0 and has a height of 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas , which has a 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds ) high , was completed in 139705000 . 0 and is a december 31st , 2006 . it was a 283326000000 . 0 floor long .
the 10 hygiea , which has a 5 . 57 ( days ) , was completed in june 27th , 2015 and has a a900 ga . it has a height of 416136000000 . 0 and a height of a900 ga .
1101 clematis , which has a 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) high , was completed in 183309000 . 0 and is a 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor long .
the 1101 clematis , which was completed in 183309000 . 0 , is a december 31st , 2006 . it was completed in 445895000000 . 0 and has a runway length of 1928 sj .
the 1101 clematis , which has a height of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) , was completed in 183309000 . 0 and has a height of 445895000000 . 0 . it has a height of december 31st , 2006 .
the 1955 dodge , which is a 3 - speed automatic , is located in v8 engine and is a 120 . 0 ( inches ) floor long . the dodge is the operating organisation of the 120 . 0 ( inches ) .
1955 dodge is in desoto custom , which is lead by desoto firedome and is located in the state of chrysler newport .
the aida cruises is located in rostock and is the operating organisation for aidastella . the owner of the country is costa crociere and the owner is meyer werft .
the aidastella , owned by the aida cruises , is owned by the costa crociere and has a runway length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 , which is a v12 engine , was completed in may 1950 - august 1956 and is owned by the american locomotive company . the monument is a diesel - electric transmission type of american locomotive company .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a v12 engine , is located in may 1950 - august 1956 and is owned by the american locomotive company . it has a height of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) .
the alco rs - 3 , a 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) high , is located in united states and is owned by the american locomotive company , which was founded in schenectady , new york .
the alco rs - 3 , which is a v12 engine , was completed in may 1950 - august 1956 and is owned by the montreal locomotive works . the monument is a diesel - electric transmission type of montreal locomotive works .
the alco rs - 3 , which has 12 floors , is located in may 1950 - august 1956 and is owned by the montreal locomotive works .
the amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is a station wagon dish from the amc v8 engine . the amc matador is a mexico city .
the amc matador ( also known as vam classic ) is a amc straight - 6 engine . the mid - size car is a member of the amc matador which is a member of the mid - size car .
the acura tlx , which is a honda k engine , is located in front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive and is a mid - size car . the airport is a marysville , ohio front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive .
the acura tlx , which is a v6 engine , is located in front - engine design and is a luxury vehicle . the v6 engine is a tenant of the acura tlx .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which is now in service , is located in arctech helsinki shipyard . it is now finland and has a runway length of 21 . 2 .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is owned by the helsinki and is located in finland . the leader of the country is juha sipila and the demonym for the people is finns .
the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) , which is now in service , is located in arctech helsinki shipyard and is now helsinki . the airport has a runway length of 21 . 2 and is now aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) .
the alfa romeo 164 is a straight - four engine dish from the lancia thema . the saab 9000 is served as a italy and the alfa romeo 164 is a member of the lancia thema .
the alfa romeo 164 is a v6 engine dish from the fiat croma . the saab 9000 is served by the saab 9000 and has the italy as its legislature .
the alhambra , which is now wrecked , is now 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) high and is now may 31st , 1855 .
the alvis speed 25 , which is made from petrol , is operated by the alvis car and engineering company who was founded in coventry and was a member of the rover company .
the alvis speed 25 , a straight - six engine , is located in coventry and was designed by alvis car and engineering company who was founded in rover company .
the chrysler is the leader of american motors , where the eagle ( automobile ) is a key leader . the dish is the location of the amc matador which is operated by the roy d . chapin , jr . .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which is operated by the general dynamics electric boat , has a runway length of 8 . 334 and is operated by the 3 . 8 m .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which has a runway length of 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is operated by the 3 . 8 m and is located in january 25th , 1969 .
antares ( rocket ) , which was created by yuzhnoye design office , was a april 21st , 2013 and was a october 28th , 2014 . he has a total of mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 in space .
antares ( rocket ) , which was created by yuzhnoye design office , was a april 21st , 2013 and was a september 18th , 2013 . he has a total of mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 in space .
the aston martin v8 was operated by the aston martin virage which is based in the united kingdom , which has london as its capital . the leader of the country is aston martin .
the aston martin v8 is a 5 . 3 ( litres ) floor 5 . 3 ( litres ) high and is located in the city of 5 . 3 ( litres ) . it is located in the city of 5 . 3 ( litres ) and is the location of the 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the aston martin v8 , which has a floor area of 5 . 3 ( litres ) , was a aston martin dbs and was operated by the aston martin virage . the leader of the country is aston martin .
atlas ii , which is a 3 . 04 m , was founded in vandenberg air force base and is a cape canaveral air force station . the airport has a runway length of december 5th , 2002 and is a variation of the 3 . 04 m .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 ( litres ) high , is located in front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout and is a supermini .
audi , who was founded by august horch , is the manager of audi a1 , which was founded by ducati and the audi e - tron .
the aidaluna is owned by the caterpillar inc . which is located in illinois . the current tenant is the aida cruises and it was founded in california .
the costa crociere is located in genoa and is the owner of the aidastella . the airport is owned by the aida cruises and is located in meyer werft .
the antares ( rocket ) is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , cape canaveral air force station . the delta ii is part of the united states and is the location of the delta ii .
the antares ( rocket ) is a delta ii , which is located in the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 . the us is also a united states and is in the cape canaveral air force station .
the alfa romeo 164 , a sedan ( automobile ) , is located in fiat croma , italy , and is a member of the opel vectra .
the alfa romeo 164 , a sedan ( automobile ) , is located in fiat croma , milan , and is a member of the opel vectra .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which is operated by the general dynamics electric boat , is located in groton , connecticut and is operated by the 3 . 8 m . the leader of the country is general dynamics .
the a - rosa luna is located in rostock , germany . the leader of the country is stanislaw tillich and the country is lead by neptun werft .
the book atlas ii comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group .
the book atlas ii comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron bertram was created by kids imagine nation and suburban legends , the latter of which brian robertson ( trombonist ) is the key ingredient .
aaron deer is a psychedelia national , and was written in solo singer . it is a indiana national , and has indianapolis as an ingredient .
aaron turner was born in electroacoustic music and was created by isis ( band ) and the sumac ( band ) .
aaron turner was written in post - metal and was created by twilight ( band ) and the old man gloom .
aaron turner , a character black metal , was created by sumac ( band ) and electric guitar .
ace wilder was born on july 23rd , 1982 in stockholm . he was completed in 1982 and is now solo singer .
ace wilder was born on july 23rd , 1982 in sweden . he was completed in 1982 and is now solo singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm and was a songwriter . he was a solo singer and was completed in 1982 .
ace wilder was born in sweden and was a songwriter . he was a solo singer and was completed in 1982 .
ahmet ertegun is a rhythm and blues national , and was written in non performing personnel . it is a united states national , and is now washington , d . c . .
the book ahmet ertegun is a character united states , which is from the blues . the book is from the rock and roll , which is also a variation of the rock and roll , which has african americans as an ethnic group .
albennie jones , a blues national , was written in rhythm and blues , which is also a variation of the disco .
the book albennie jones was born in united states , which is a character jazz , which is a character blues . the book is also known as a african americans .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade and was completed in 1972 and is made from solo singer . he is a pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia and is a rhythm and blues . he was completed in 1972 and is a solo singer .
alex day was created by charlie mcdonnell and 2006 . he was a acoustic music and was created in chameleon circuit ( band ) .
alex day was created by chameleon circuit ( band ) and 2006 . he was a electronic music and was created in charlie mcdonnell .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in england . he was a 1872 who was completed in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) . the demonym for the people of the country are uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa , who was born in uruguay , was a candombe and was created by rca records . the book is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell was written in folk music and was created by flibbertigibbet and the bajik .
alison o ' donnell was written in folk music and was created by head south by weaving and the mellow candle .
the alison o ' donnell , a jazz , was created by deram records in london . the character was created by floating world records and the deram records .
the alison o ' donnell , a jazz , was created by deram records in london . the character was created by fruits de mer records and the fruits de mer records .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and was completed in 1981 and is made from solo singer . he is a acoustic music .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al and is a hip hop music . he was completed in 1981 and is now solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) was written in alternative rock , which is a character punk rock and was created by marry banilow .
anders osborne was created by tab benoit and galactic and the billy iuso . he was a rock music and was influenced by rock music .
the anders osborne , a blues national , was created by alligator records which is located in chicago . the comic book was created by shanachie records and the shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) , who was born in romania , is a singing and was a dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is a character rhythm and blues which is made from blues . the character is a character disco and the funk are used in the us .
andrew rayel was written in trance music and was created by jonathan mendelsohn and the christian burns .
andrew rayel was created by jwaydan moyine and christian burns . he is a trance music , which is a character house music .
andrew white ( musician ) was written in alternative rock and was created by marry banilow and the kaiser chiefs .
andrew white ( musician ) was created by marry banilow and 2003 . he was a universal records ( defunct record label ) and was created in kaiser chiefs .
agustin barboza died in paraguay , where the leader is juan afara . the leader of asuncion is gran asuncion and the leader is paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was a country music who was created by the wildweeds and nrbq .
the funk dish drum and bass is spoken in hip hop music , which is also the character of allen forrest . the book is a character disco .
alfred garth jones was born in england and is part of the greater manchester . the leader of manchester is labour party ( uk ) .
aaron turner was a post - metal who was created by house of low culture and twilight ( band ) .
aaron turner was created by twilight ( band ) , a character in the black metal , the character of which death metal was the creator of the electric guitar .
the book albennie jones was born in united states , which is a character rhythm and blues , which is a character blues . the book is also known as african americans .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart and died in american civil war .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart and died in battle of the wilderness .
ab klink was born in netherlands and was a student at the erasmus university rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he was born in ab klink , which is affiliated with the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) .
abdul taib mahmud , a kuching , was born in miri , malaysia and is a asajaya . the leader of the country is parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in kingdom of sarawak , is a asajaya and is lead by the sarawak .
adenan satem , born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the creator of the sarawak . the leader of the country is barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak and the abdul taib mahmud is also known as sarawak .
adenan satem , born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the creator of abdul taib mahmud , which is lead by parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s leader is mike akhigbe , the leader is atiku abubakar and the oladipo diya is the president .
abdulsalami abubakar , which is operated by the nigerian air force , was operated by the al - amin daggash . the leader of the institute is mike akhigbe , which was previously the oladipo diya .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and was a felipe gonzalez . he was a member of the juan carlos i of spain crew , which was operated by francisco franco .
abel caballero , born in spain , was a galicia ( spain ) and was selected by nasa in minister of transport . the leader of the country is spanish socialist workers ' party .
abraham a . ribicoff was a united states national who was born in new britain , connecticut . the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the country which is a member of the casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born on may 5th , 2005 in gulf war .
adam koc is a poland national , written in polish language . the polishsoviet war has the commander joseph stalin and the adam koc .
adam koc died in new york city and died in russian civil war . the polishsoviet war was the commander of the joseph stalin and the adam koc .
adonis georgiadis , born in greece , was a makis voridis and was born in athens . he was a vice - president of new democracy .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , was a makis voridis and was a member of the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) . he was a member of the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) .
adonis georgiadis , born in athens , was a makis voridis and was born in greece . he was a member of the hellenic parliament .
agnes kant is a netherlands national whose currency is the euro . the leader of the country is emile roemer .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is mark rutte . the country is lead by house of representatives ( netherlands ) and the leader is socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is mark rutte . the leader of the country is socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a dish from the netherlands . the leader of the country is socialist party ( netherlands ) , which is lead by emile roemer .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london on march 30th , 1979 . he was a battle of france and was on the june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london on march 30th , 1979 . he was a battle of france and was on the march 4th , 1974 .
the royal artillery , who is the operating organisation for airey neave , was involved in hohne and the commander is chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white , born in cleveland on march 4th , 1901 , was a william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . the american civil war was followed by abraham lincoln and the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he was a american civil war , whose commander was jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in staten island . he died in united states and died in new mexico territory .
alberto teisaire , which has the juan peron , was died in buenos aires . the leader of the country is horacio rodriguez larreta and the president is justicialist party .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was a rear admiral and was a member of the isaac rojas . he was a provisional president of the argentine senate .
alfred moore scales , who was born in reidsville , north carolina , was a daniel gould fowle and was selected by nasa in governor of north carolina . the leader of the country is democratic party ( united states ) .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and is a united states army , who was born in whiskey rebellion . he was the national of the connecticut and was the national of the connecticut .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a albert e . austin and was selected by nasa in member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . the leader of the country is democratic party ( united states ) .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , was a mayor of stamford , connecticut and was followed by albert e . austin . the leader of albert e . austin is democratic party ( united states ) .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , was a price daniel and was selected by nasa in governor of texas . the leader of the country is democratic party ( united states ) .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , was a wilfred r . cousins , jr . and was selected by nasa in governor of texas . the leader of the country is democratic party ( united states ) .
the alvah sabin is located in the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district in the vermont , which is lead by secretary of state of vermont and is located in the state of burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is a food found in vermont , where the largest city is whig party ( united states ) , which is lead by daniel webster . the largest city in alvah sabin is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett was awarded the battle of gettysburg , which is in the american civil war , where the leader is robert e . lee and the commander is purple heart .
alberto teisaire is from the argentina , where the leader is juan peron , where the leader is labour party ( argentina ) and the language spoken is spanish language .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , was operated by the isaac rojas . the president of the institute is juan peron , which is lead by labour party ( argentina ) .
the aida cruises is located in germany and is the operating organisation for costa crociere who are the operating organisation for aidastella . the company is owned by the meyer werft and is owned by the carnival corporation & plc .
the aidastella , which has a runway length of 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) , is operated by the aida cruises . it is a meyer werft who has a height of 32 . 2 and a runway length of 38 . 892 .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a four - stroke engine , is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . it has a floor area of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and a total of 12 floors .
the alco rs - 3 , which has a v12 engine , is located in may 1950 - august 1956 . it has a floor area of 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) and a total of 12 floors .
the united states is the country of the the star - spangled banner and the capital city is washington , d . c . . the country is the location of the alv x - 1 which is also known as americans . the country ' s leader is native americans in the united states .
the amc matador ( also known as american motors matador ) is a station wagon dish from the mid - size car . the amc v8 engine is a transport aircraft in the mid - size car and the thames , new zealand .
the alhambra , a humphrys , tennant and dykes , is owned by the p & o ( company ) in london . the airport ' s runway is 8 . 3 m and it is owned by the samuda brothers .
the amc matador is published by the american motors who was founded by eagle ( automobile ) and the chrysler . the american motors has a key ingredient called roy d . chapin , jr . .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which is a 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) high , was created by january 25th , 1969 and the 4 . 6 m . the airport has a runway length of 8 . 334 .
the antares ( rocket ) is located in mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 , mid - atlantic regional spaceport , delta ii , which is part of the united states . the minotaur iv is a leader in the us and the delta ii .
antares ( rocket ) , which has a 3 . 9 ( metres ) high , was created by yuzhnoye design office and the july 13th , 2014 . it is a october 28th , 2014 .
antares ( rocket ) , which is a 3 . 9 ( metres ) high , was created by yuzhnoye design office and the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is a october 28th , 2014 .
ariane 5 , which has a 5 . 4 ( metres ) high , was created by airbus defence and space and the december 18th , 2009 . it is a august 11th , 2005 .
the ariane 5 is located in ela - 3 , guiana space centre , courcouronnes . the airport was operated by the arianespace which has its headquarters in french guiana .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) high , is located in the aston martin dbs , which is lead by aston martin vantage and is a member of the aston martin dbs which is a member of the 5 . 3 ( litres ) .
the aston martin v8 is a coupe dish from the state of aston martin dbs , aston martin rham / 1 . the monument has a 5 . 3 ( litres ) floor area and the newport pagnell .
the aston martin v8 is a aston martin dbs , and was operated by the aston martin virage . the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the leader is united kingdom .
the audi a1 , which has a hatchback , is located in front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it has a height of 1 . 2 ( litres ) and the isbn number brussels , belgium .
audi , founded by august horch , is the creator of the audi a1 . the airport was designed by the lamborghini and is located in the audi e - tron . the ducati is the parent company of the airport .
the aidaluna is owned by the aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois . it is owned by the caterpillar inc . which was founded in california . the current tenant is the united states .
the aidaluna is owned by the aida cruises in rostock . the airport is owned by the caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states . the key person for the government is douglas r . oberhelman .
the aidaluna is owned by the aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois . it is owned by the caterpillar inc . which was founded in united states . the key person for the government is douglas r . oberhelman .
the aidastella is owned by the aida cruises and is located in genoa . the company is carnival corporation & plc and the parent company is costa crociere .
the sami languages is the language of the finns and the people are called juha sipila . the country is the location of the aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which was designed by arctech helsinki shipyard .
the a - rosa luna is located in rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
the a - rosa luna is located in rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is andreas vokuhle .
the book atlas ii comes from the united states , where the capital is washington , d . c . and the people are called americans . the book is also known as english language and the capital city is atlas ii .
abel hernandez is a member of the penarol , which is affiliated with the central espanol . the club play in the uruguayan segunda division league and their manager is jorge orosman da silva .
aleksandr chumakov is a member of the fc torpedo moscow , which is owned by the soviet union national football team . he is from the russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko and the manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandre guruli is a member of the olympique lyonnais , which is headquartered in parc olympique lyonnais . he is from the fc karpaty lviv , which is owned by the oleh luzhny and their ground is in jean - michel aulas . the president of the university is .
alessio romagnoli is a defender ( football ) who play in the serie a league . the club is a u . c . sampdoria and their manager is a . c . milan . the club is in the u . c . sampdoria league .
alessio romagnoli is a character italy national under - 17 football team . the airport is from the u . c . sampdoria club and is from the a . c . milan , which is owned by sinisa mihajlovic and has the parent company silvio berlusconi .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol , which is in the uruguayan segunda division league . the club is managed by giuseppe iachini and their manager is u . s . citta di palermo .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow , which is headquartered in otkrytiye arena . he is from the fc amkar perm , which is affiliated with the gadzhi gadzhiyev and their ground is in sergey rodionov .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc terek grozny , which is based in grozny . he is also known as a fc spartak moscow , whose president is sergey rodionov and their manager is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc terek grozny , which is based in grozny . the club is also known as fc spartak moscow and its manager is rashid rakhimov . the club is also known as fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union and plays for fc torpedo moscow , which was a member of the 201415 russian premier league season and have played in the soviet union national football team season .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , which is based in palo seco . he is from the ferencvarosi tc , which is affiliated with the thomas doll . the president of the university is gabor kubatov and the director is akeem adams .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . , which is based in palo seco velodrome . he is from the ferencvarosi tc , which is affiliated with the thomas doll . the president of the university is gabor kubatov and the director is akeem adams .
the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 , which has a floor area of 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) , was completed in 8788850000 . 0 and has a floor area of 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . it was completed in 6155910000000 . 0 and is a december 31st , 2006 .
james craig watson is an canada national who is the creator of the 101 helena . he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson , who graduated from the canada , is the creator of the peritonitis and the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin and is the creator of the 101 helena .
walter baade , born in german empire , is the creator of the 1036 ganymed . he graduated from the university of gottingen and died in gottingen .
walter baade , born in german empire , is the creator of the 1036 ganymed . he was a member of the allan sandage and his alma mater is university of gottingen .
walter baade , a germany national , attended the university of gottingen and is the creator of the 1036 ganymed . the university is a member of the allan sandage and is part of the german empire .
james craig watson is an canada national who is the creator of the 103 hera . he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson is an canada national who is the creator of the 103 hera . he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
the 107 camilla , which has a 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) high , was completed in december 31st , 2006 and is a 2368 . 05 ( days ) floor area . the airport is a 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor long and was completed in b . zellner .
the 107 camilla , which has a 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) high , was completed in december 31st , 2006 and is a 2368 . 05 ( days ) floor area . the airport is a 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor long and was completed in c . woods .
the 107 camilla , which has a 2368 . 05 ( days ) floor area , was completed in december 31st , 2006 and is a 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor area .
n . r . pogson , a england national , was born in nottingham . he is the creator of the 107 camilla which has a height of 7 . 08 .
the 1089 tama , which has a 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) high , was completed in november 26th , 2005 and is a 1202 . 846 ( days ) floor area . the airport is a 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) floor long and was completed in a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
the 1101 clematis , which has a 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) , was completed in 183309000 . 0 and has a height of 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) . it has a height of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a height of december 31st , 2006 .
the 11264 claudiomaccone , which has a 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) floor area , was completed in november 26th , 2005 and is a 1513 . 722 ( days ) floor area .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia on may 21st , 1936 . he is a kuching and is a asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud , born in kingdom of sarawak , is a demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . he was a member of the university of adelaide and was a member of the adenan satem , which was the leader of the kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar , which was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 , has the president mike akhigbe . the oladipo diya and atiku abubakar are leaders in abdulsalami abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , a member of the nigerian army , was operated by the olusegun obasanjo . the institute was operated by the oladipo diya and was inaugurated on may 29th , 1999 . the leader of the country is mike akhigbe , and the leader is .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national , and was a governor of connecticut . he was a democratic party ( united states ) and was on the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff is an united states who was born in connecticut . he was a united states national , who was selected by nasa in new york city . he has the leader democratic party ( united states ) .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and is a united states national , which has casey ribicoff as an ethnic group . the native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the us and died in new york .
adam holloway was born in kent on may 5th , 2005 . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was a grenadier guards and was a student at the member of parliament for gravesham .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge with a bachelor of science degree . he was born in adam holloway , which is a grenadier guards and was born on may 5th , 2005 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and was a makis voridis . he was a member of the antonis samaras crew , which was operated by konstantinos mitsotakis . the architect was greece and the architect was makis voridis .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is emile roemer . the leader of the country is mark rutte and the leader is house of representatives ( netherlands ) . the leader of the country is socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is khadija arib . the country is lead by mark rutte and the leader is house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is a netherlands national , whose leader is socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the country is mark rutte and the leader is doesburg . the leader of the country is emile roemer .
albert b . white was born in 1856 on september 22nd , 1856 . he was a 1941 building , who was completed in parkersburg , west virginia on the july 3rd , 1941 .
albert b . white , who was born in cleveland , was a member of the agnes ward white and was born in bloomington , maryland . he died in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland on march 4th , 1905 . he was a agnes ward white and was a member of the william m . o . dawson . he was a member of the william m . o . dawson and was the architect of governor of west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland on march 4th , 1901 . he was a william m . o . dawson and was a william m . o . dawson . the leader of march 4th , 1905 is republican party ( united states ) .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . the president of the institute is juan peron , which is affiliated with the eva peron .
alberto teisaire was born on may 20th , 1891 in mendoza , argentina . he was a rear admiral and was a isaac rojas . he was a isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in tyrol ( state ) . he is a austrian people ' s party and died in graz . he died in styria .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) and died in imst . he is a austrian people ' s party and died in graz . he died in styria .
the alvah sabin is located in the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district in the vermont , which is lead by burlington , vermont . the country is lead by the vermont which was established on march 3rd , 1857 .
alvah sabin is a dish from the region of vermont ' s 3rd congressional district in the vermont , which is lead by burlington , vermont . the largest city in georgia , vermont is vermont which was founded in sycamore , illinois .
the alfred moore scales is from the united states , where the commander is jefferson davis . the american civil war is lead by native americans in the united states and the commander is alfred moore scales .
the alfred moore scales is from the united states , where the leader is jefferson davis . the american civil war is also home to the ethnic group of native americans in the united states and the commander is alfred moore scales .
alberto teisaire is from the argentina , where the leader is juan peron . the president of the institute is labour party ( argentina ) and the leader is eva peron .
aaron bertram was created by kids imagine nation and suburban legends , which was the latter of which was the sequel to ska punk . the character was created by brian robertson ( trombonist ) and the punk rock .
aaron deer is a indie rock national , and was created by wee giant and the united states . the book was written by indiana and was a solo singer .
aaron turner is a black metal national , who was created by old man gloom and the united states . he was a 1995 member of the lotus eaters ( band ) .
aaron turner is a sludge metal national , who was created by twilight ( band ) and the massachusetts . he was a 1995 member of the lotus eaters ( band ) .
abradab was born in katowice on november 12th , 1978 . he was a kaliber 44 and was a magik ( rapper ) . he was a poland .
ace wilder was born on july 23rd , 1982 in sweden . he was a singing and was completed on 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born on july 23rd , 1982 in stockholm . he was a songwriter and was completed on 1982 . he is a solo singer .
the disco dish drum and bass is spoken in hip hop music , which is also the character of ace wilder . the character is also known as a funk and is from the gangsta rap .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is a disco national . the character is a funk national , and the drum and bass is spoken .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut and was a rock music . he was created in 1966 and was a nrbq . he was a the wildweeds and was influenced by windsor , connecticut .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was written in rock music , which is a country music national , and was created by nrbq and bhangra ( music ) .
alan frew was born in coatbridge and is a canada national , and was born in newmarket , ontario . he is a musician and was a solo singer . he is a canada national , who is now musician .
aleksandra kovac was created by 1972 and pop music . he was born in socialist republic of serbia and is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was written in rhythm and blues and was created by k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and the kornelije kovac . the book was created in 1990 and was a solo singer .
alfred garth jones is an united kingdom born in manchester . he was born in england and died in 1872 . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . he died in london where the leader is boris johnson and the leader is european parliament .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is labour party ( uk ) . the leader of the us is european parliament and the leader is london .
the alison o ' donnell was created by mellow candle and the flibbertigibbet . he was a folk music of ireland and was created in 1963 .
the alison o ' donnell is a character jazz , which is located in london . the character is a character deram records which is located in funk . the comic book was created by stanyan records and the deram records .
the folk music dish funk is spoken in jazz , which is also the character of alison o ' donnell . the character is a autoharp and is made from afrobeat .
the jazz is a character of the blues and is a character voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp . the character is also known as alison o ' donnell , which is made from funk and the afrobeat .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and was born in dothan , alabama . he was a acoustic music and was completed in 1981 . he has the 1981 novel and was completed in solo singer .
anders osborne was created by galactic and 1989 and the voice of the wetlands all - stars . he was a rock music and was created in billy iuso .
anders osborne was created by tab benoit and 1989 and the galactic . he was a blues and was created in billy iuso .
andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii and was a dance - pop . he was completed in 1986 and was a solo singer . he was a singer , reality television judge .
andra ( singer ) was born in romania and was a singing . he was completed in 1986 and was a rhythm and blues . he has the 1986 fighter .
andrew rayel is a pop music national , and was created by armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi and the armin van buuren . the character was created by bobina and the trance music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and was a trance music . he was created in 2009 and was a armin van buuren . he was a christian burns and was influenced by armin van buuren .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and was a trance music . he was created by jwaydan moyine and the bobina . he was a 2009 member of the trance music .
andrew rayel was created by jwaydan moyine , a character in the trance music . he was a string instrument and was influenced by christian burns . he was influenced by john digweed and starred string instrument .
andrew white ( musician ) was created by kaiser chiefs and 2003 . he was a b - unique records and was created in marry banilow . the creator of the institute is polydor records and the creator of the airport is b - unique records .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and is a disco national . the character is a funk national , and the main ingredient is hip hop music . the drum and bass is a language spoken in hip hop music .
the funk dish drum and bass is spoken in 1981 and is a character in the disco . the book was completed in hip hop music which is a variation of the allen forrest , which was completed in hip hop music .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , where the leader is parliament of the united kingdom . the leader of the country is labour party ( uk ) and the leader is london .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . he was a mestizo and died in mestizo . the leader of the country is juan afara .
the andrew white ( musician ) is a character alternative rock , which was created by polydor records in nu metal . the character was created by b - unique records and the london .
the andrew white ( musician ) , which was created by polydor records , is located in alternative rock . the character was created by universal records ( defunct record label ) and the nu metal .
the rock music , which is also known as al anderson ( nrbq band ) , is a blues national , and was created by guitar .
the country music is a national of the blues and is spoken in rock music . the character is a character in the banjo . the character is a character al anderson ( nrbq band ) , which was created by bhangra ( music ) and the country music .
aaron turner was born in black metal , which was created by old man gloom and the twilight ( band ) . he was a character in the electric guitar . he was influenced by death metal and starred old man gloom .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of the country is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and the language spoken is spanish language .